chore: update HTML accessibility quiz (#58310)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-html-accessibility/66ed9026f45ce3ece4053ebb.md

#### --text--

Which of the following ARIA states is used to indicate that an element is selected?

#### --distractors--

`aria-haspopup`

---

`aria-label`

---

`aria-expanded`

#### --answer--

`aria-selected`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is NOT a common ARIA state?

#### --distractors--

> `aria-haspopup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aria-hidden`
```
Can we use `aria-hidden` here instead. `aria-haspopup` is technically a property, not a state.

#### --text--

Why is it important to use descriptive link text for links?

#### --distractors--

To make the link text stand out visually from the rest of the page content.

---

To ensure the link loads faster when clicked.

---

> To help search engines rank the page more effectively.

Reviewer 2: This one could be considered correct as well I think?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me

> To help search engines rank the page more effectively.

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure that search engines will always list your site as the first result in the list.
```

#### --answer--

> To ensure that users and assistive technologies understand the purpose of the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that everyone, including users of assistive technology understand the purpose of the link.
```
